Documentation meta-descriptions review N° 2 (#5518)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/github/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2015, Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Discover how Wazuh can help you to monitor your GitHub organizations. Check out this section of our documentation to learn more about it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Discover how Wazuh helps you to monitor your GitHub organizations. Check out this section of our documentation to learn more about it. 
```
